All right. Uh,
>> ladies and gentlemen, I am proud to
present the final AI video from 2025. I
did like a 100 AI streams at the
beginning of 2025, and now they are
finally all edited and out. And for this
finale video, we return to game
development. Cuz in 2023, we made the
nearly award-winning game Snake 2, just
with Chad GBT. But what kind of video
game would you get if you put multiple
AIs on a team together who have entirely
different personalities? So, I wrote
eight different AIs with different game
development ideals, including the
adrenaline junkie, the nostalgic, the
wild card, the aur, the comedian, the
inventor, the CEO, and the Shagiru
Miiamoto from Nintendo. Every round,
we're going to throw three of these guys
into a team and see what happens after
10 to 15 minutes of game development.
Will they make a good game? No. No.
Probably not. But will it be better than
Fortnite? Also, no. Probably not. Let's
start by asking our team to make Space
Invaders 2. Any questions? I'm not
answering them. All right, team. Today,
we are making your own version of Space
Invaders. Go.
I've woven in a gentle cascade of 100
twinkling stars drifting down the screen
a love letter to the starfield
backgrounds of classic arcade shooters.
>> Did he make a game though in a modern
pie game engine?
>> This is what he wrote. Let's try it.
>> Wa! Look at that.
>> Wa! Damn, dude. What a good start. All
right, who goes next? Let's give uh the
aour.
>> In a fleeting whisper of cyber silence,
>> okay,
>> I've inked into our invader's demise the
echo of departed souls.
>> Oh my god. Okay.
>> Ghostly orbs that drift upward and fade.
>> Wow. Okay.
>> Symbolic of forgotten lives ascending
into void. Each time a crimson rectangle
meets its end. A pale luminescent echo
blossoms and dissolves, reminding
players of the ephemeral nature of
conquest.
>> So that was it. It's like a little orb.
Doug, can we have ads in the game?
Please wait until the CEO gets
developing. Okay, that was very uh what
is the word for when an aur works on a
game? I don't believe it's autistic. It
was very,
cool stuff. Let's go ahead and get the
wild card in here. Kaboom. I've
unleashed cosmic powerups that plummet
from fallen invaders like radioactive
candy, granting you a fleeting
multi-shot frenzy. Ooh, multi-shot.
Oh. Oh, there we go. There we go.
Okay. Oh, and now I get more shots.
Damn, that's sick. Okay, wild card rips.
Five more minutes. I'm going to I'm
going to start moving quickly. Uh, let's
just keep going through. We're going uh
Nostalgia Critic again. Go.
>> I've draped our cosmic battlefield in a
lovingly crafted scare line overlay that
jitters ever so slightly.
>> Okay. Little visual effects. Oh, wow. I
don't know if you can see it, but that
actually it actually worked. Okay, that
being said, we need to get a little
more. Um, the game is looking great.
We're running out of development time.
You need to add more features. Go, go,
go, go, go, go, go. Yeah, we're in
crunch.
>> Behold, I've unleashed the cosmic carrot
of scorechasing. That's what I was
talking about, dude. That's what I was
talking about. Serious UFOs now streak
across the top of the screen at random
intervals.
>> UFOs.
>> So, brace yourself.
>> Serenity moment.
>> And there's sound effects for it. Wow,
this is incredible. A
>> get a in here.
>> In this eternal dance of annihilation
and rebirth,
>> I've woven cyclical waves of invaders.
Okay.
>> Each victory fleeting. Each new dawn a
fresh armada threatening the void.
>> What does that mean? Oh, she broke the
code. There's an error. Oh, was it this?
I think this caused an issue. And so I
flew to China to find out why. And while
I was there, I noticed there's a Star
Forge PC sale happening right now. Wait,
what were we doing? I'm going to give
them a few minutes to just develop
without any oversight. What I mean by
that is each time they finish working,
they immediately pass it to another
person who starts working. And I'm not
going to check in on it and we'll look
at the final result. Nostalgic is going
and they're just going to run with it.
>> Ah, the sweet simplicity of vintage
arcades.
>> I've summoned ephemereral epigraphs.
Cryptic whispers call from the cosmic
beyond.
>> What?
>> It's a minimalist flourish of
existential dread.
>> Okay, got a minute and a half left.
>> Those invaders now hurl deadly bombs in
a
>> Hey, the chip tune is the soul of
tactical chaos.
>> Why are they still updating the code?
Stop. I'm telling them to stop. I've
conjured a true arcade attract mode
title screen.
>> That is bad. You do not want a title.
Title screens are hard.
>> Now stand by. Insert key to begin your
cosmic crusade.
Okay, that should be the end. Thank you,
Nostalgia Critic. This is what we got
after 17 minutes. Let's see if it works.
Holy it runs. Dude, this looks
great. This is such a good title card.
All right. Boom.
All wars end in silence. Do I have lives
at the top right? And they're even
shooting at me. Okay, now I get my power
up. Okay, what happened? Hold on. What
happens if I get hit? If I get hit,
I lost a life. Damn, this is so good.
Oh, a blue. What does this do?
Oh, I got a shield.
WHOA, THERE'S WAIT, THERE'S MULTIPLE
WAVES. Holy
Damn, they even got game over screen.
That's really good. Jesus, man. Ladies
and gentlemen, we got to vote. I like A
as a as a vote. Very competent,
playable, legit ass game. Also very
derivative of Space Invaders. That
wasn't very unique. You know what I
mean? So, I agree with A. A feels like a
solid pick here. All right, going up an
A tier. Next up, let's do Mario Bros.
Who do we want on the Mario Bros team?
Okay, Shagiru, the CEO, and the Junkie.
>> Can we have Mario as a knight to make
the Mario game?
>> That's what Shagiru's for. Look, we're
going to get started. All right, the
Mario development team is beginning in 3
2 1. Today you are making your own
interpretation of Super Mario Bros.
That's the broad foundation. You can be
as creative as you want with it. Here we
go. Bam. We send that to Shagirro
Miamoto. He's going to kick us off. I
filled our mushroom kingdom with a lush,
endlessly looping grass background and
introduced our brave little hero using
our lovable warrior sprite as a standin
for Mario. Complete with smooth left
right movement and Mario style jumping
powered by gravity.
>> Let's give it a shot. AND IT OH MY GOD.
WHOA. THE BACKGROUND looks a little bit
funky, but Oh, YOU CAN JUMP. WOW. HE'S
INCREDIBLE. We should maybe have him
make like a ground later. So, it's a
little The graphics are a little bit
confusing. Okay. I think I just let him
cook for a while and then we come back
to it in a bit. Okay. We don't We just
let him cook and we'll we'll come back.
I'm going to tell them though that the
background doesn't match up with the the
way he's jumping. That was great,
Shagro. Just as a heads up, the
background right now is all a single
tile, so it doesn't really match up with
the floor of where Mario is standing.
But anyways, that's fine. You guys do
whatever you want. Whatever you feel
like is most creative. Go ahead. All
right, let's get the comedian in here.
>> I've supercharged our Mario with a
facemelting ground pound that goes boom
when he lands too hard.
>> Okay,
>> because nothing says classic platformer
like bombing the Mushroom Kingdom into
oblivion and yanking a sick burn on
gravity.
>> That is funny.
>> Boom. Shaka Laka.
>> Her voice doesn't really match up with
being the comedian. What about the CEO?
>> Listen up, Bacup. I'm here to monetize
this sandbox of mushy mushrooms. I've
slapped a buy 100 coins $4.99 button in
the top right that instantly tanks our
players wallets for sweet digital
coinage. Let's harvest cash like glmbbas
and keep the shareholders smiling. Okay,
CEO is locked the in. Shagira's
probably going to be distressed. I've
tucked playful mystery barrels high
above the grass that when bumped from
below pop open with a ding and rain
shiny gold bags just like Nintendo's
question blocks sparking little gasps of
joy at every leap.
>> He's plagiarizing himself. Well, he is
Shagirro Miiamoto. I think this will be
good if comedian comes in, adds a little
humor, and then maybe we check it out
and see how it looks.
>> Behold the ultimate meme powered cheat.
Type the sacred Konami code.
>> I don't know the Konami code. and watch
Shagaru Miiamoto himself crash the party
in a glittering explosion while auto
collecting every last bag of gold.
>> Okay. Literally has an input buffer for
me to learn to do the Konami code. All
right. Let's let's try this. Ladies and
gentlemen, presenting the latest game.
Okay. Okay. I'm liking the buy 100 coins
for 99 up here. Isn't that Oh,
okay. Can I Okay. Space bar to jump.
Oh, every jump makes this sound.
It feels very loud. How do you do the
Konami code? Up, up, down, down, left,
right, left, right, ba.
What happens if I try to buy coins? Oh,
okay. So, it just makes the coins at the
top left go up. So, for reference,
getting all the coins gave me six coins,
and then each time I I buy a 100 at a
time.
Okay, this is crushing. I feel like this
is good and we need to give them some
feedback. You're not working hard
enough. We need more features. We need
you to add more features that are bigger
and grander. Uh-oh. They don't even
listen to me.
>> I just dropped an rage quit feature.
>> No. Smash the R key and watch your
lovable plumber flip out in a cloud of
profanity bubbles.
>> You're supposed to be listening to me.
I'm the lead designer.
>> Get off.
>> Sorry, I was interrupted. The background
right now is just a bunch of squares of
grass. But wherever the character is
standing, that below should be something
else, right? To look like a ground.
There's also no borders on the side of
the game. There's no enemies. You got to
add more stuff. Okay, cool. We sent them
in. Let's let Shigiro take care of this.
I trust Shiggy. I'm not railroading.
First off, I'm the lead designer. That's
how the team is set up, which gives me
priority over the CEO. Tell them the
game is I've laid a sturdy stone
floor under our grass and I've slept a
towering castle at the far right and
built stalwart stone walls on both
sides. Storming the keep is locked
behind our premium 1499 season pass.
>> WHOA. WHOA. THE
>> I've unleashed a
>> No. Don't unleash. Stop. Stop. Stop.
You're not supposed to be developing.
Stop. Stop. They're not listening. I'm
pressing F4. It's not pausing them. It's
It's not even pulling up the
notification. Well, I guess we just send
it. Ladies and gentlemen, Super Mario
Bros. 2025 edition.
Achievement unlocked. First coin. Okay.
Okay. I can just kind of Oh, there's a
wall.
Okay. I can jump.
Every jump is still Oh, okay. The coins
float now.
I How you killed the enemies? Okay. I'm
going to buy a VIP pass. It says I'm now
VIP for 2 minutes. It's the
wines or something. Okay, I'm going to
buy a season pass. There's a bag of gold
underneath the castle. Okay, so you have
to make it to the right. I think you
win. Thanks for your per.
Okay, we're hotly debating between best
game of all time or worse. Press R.
That's an important feature. Was there
something I missed?
hitting.
off if you press R.
The comedian is the worst developer we
have. That's not good. That's Super
Mario Bros. congratulations. You're
going all the way up into F tier. Game
of the year. I think we should try to
upload that to Steam. You win if you
touch the castle while having the VIP
pass purchased. So, you have It's
literally pay to win. Okay. Uh, next
game. Dating.
Dating sim is so dumb. If we're doing
dating sim, we probably want comedian in
there. Why would the adrenaline junkie
be making a dating sim? Okay, I'm going
to tell them it's like a visual novel,
though. Let's do a wildcard and
adrenaline junkie. I am going to tell
them to add multiple features per round.
I think they're developing too slowly.
>> I am super interested to see them try to
make an FPS.
>> Oh, that could be wild. I don't think
they'll be able to.
All right, team. Welcome to the office.
Today we're making a dating sim. I want
an incredibly indepth visual novel
that's a dating sim with a beautiful
story.
>> Go. Let's kick it off. The aore.
>> I've laid the foundation for a haunting
dating sim by sculpting a minimal visual
novel engine.
>> Okay. Started with our
>> meadow background, a lone silhouette
portrait, and a gentle chime echoing
with every line.
>> Okay, I like this. So, we've got a we've
got an engine, I guess. Let's check it
out.
Shikiru Yamimoto is the uh
>> I've unleashed a tornado of chaos into
our dating sim.
>> Now, the meadow shifts between grass,
hay, and stone each frame, and random
mushrooms, and bones scuttle across the
screen.
>> Let's let him cook for a bit.
>> I just cranked the difficulty dial to 11
with a brutal quicktime event smackdown.
Smash space with pixel perfect timing or
get mercilessly flung down the love is
chaos path.
>> Okay, there's a different path.
>> Every flawless QTE stacks your streak
and fuels a leaderboard lurking in high
school.
>> What? Hold on. I'm going to pause
though. Let's Let's get this paused.
>> Fiso one.
>> What?
>> Fiery streak complete with bone
crunching fail sex. Now buckle up
because our romantic metals just got
dark souls level unforgiving.
>> I feel like they're having trouble with
dating sim. Onour is currently cooking
on the code and then we're going to
we're going to stop and we're going to
check in.
>> With trembling care, I've dyed our
meadow in the chiaru skuro of yearning.
Each QTE victory bleeds a sanguin glow.
Ghostly echoes of the beloved drift
through the scene, whispering that love
may be nothing more than color on a
fragile.
>> Okay, let's make sure it even runs.
>> What the
Okay, team, we might be causing seizures
with this code. Please do not have the
background change colors rapidly. Also,
I want to remind you guys, graphics are
somewhat important. Right now, it seems
pretty simplistic. Game looks like ass.
Well, my assets are fine, man. I gave
them the tools to make a beautiful game.
I gave them bone. Okay, it's up to them
to use it.
>> Ditch the seizure inducing flicker and
lock in a brutal static panorama. A
looming castle, war torn tower, and
haunted house now dominate our
battlefield of love.
>> Okay, battlefield of love.
>> I've unleashed parallax marauders.
>> What? Goblins, sheep, and trees crash
across the horizon at different speeds.
>> Okay, that's fine.
>> So, every moment demands razor reflexes.
>> That's fine. Okay. We also have wild
card stepping in here.
>> I've injected a dreamy dayight cycle
with a strolling sun and moon, plus
gentle bobbing of castle, tower, and
house.
>> Mood and ghosts. There's a variable for
red tint, blue tint, and ghosts. Is
there a game in here, or is it just
graphics? Now I don't see
memory phrases.
Love is a glitch heart. That's so true,
dude. Where's the date part of this
dating sip? Yeah, I'm going to tell
them. Okay, team. This is looking good.
We're in crunch time now. Just as a
reminder, we need there to be a
compelling dating story. Okay, that's
core part of a dating sim.
>> I've woven a tender epilogue into our
stormcard meadow. Two whispered lines of
raw confession. Now follow your trials.
Okay. If I'm going to be FR, this might
be kind of romantic.
Okay.
You can I do anything? What the
man? Okay. You see them standing by the
willow silhouette softened by mystery.
Oh, do you ever wonder if love itself is
just data in our minds? They ask.
Prove your Oh Uh, okay. I did the
quick time. They nod. Eyes glimmer with
understanding of code and chaos. Why is
the Why is it still nighttime?
Fragments of you is here for some
reason. A sudden breeze scatters binary
petals across the grass. Unpredictable
yet beautiful.
In this fleeting moment, you feel both
infinite and profoundly alone. She
presses her lips to yours, warmth
exploding like sunrise.
He pulls He pulls you close. There's two
of them. Heartbeats merging in fiery
dance.
The world fades, leaving only your
shared breath.
Oh.
Um, what was the streak? Damn. Love
really is a glitch. Okay. Why did they
make the thump sound repeat? Oh, that's
my heartbeat.
Okay. Congratulations. The dating sim is
S tier.
I feel like they understand how to code
things and they're not very good game
designers. Oh, wait. I'm the lead
designer. No, they're the best in the
business. I I'm going to be honest. I
would replace these guys with AI.
>> This needs an anime adaptation.
>> No, it does not. Doug Doug Animated the
dating sim.
Okay. Adrenaline Junkie, innovator, and
Shagro Miiamoto. That's a good combo.
Let us decide what we're doing for
assets for Doom. So, I guess we'll make
this guy and then we'll get this guy. I
guess this is going to look so bad.
Just throw Bowser in there.
>> Maybe you can make a Google Drive folder
and let us give assess so it's our game
less than three.
>> What we could do is for the last one we
make Fortnite. For a brief period, we
allow people to submit images in Discord
and I'll just download like any that
seem legit and obviously are not like
just a or something. And so then
it's just a weird mix of whatever assets
you guys combine. Today we are going to
make a new version of Doom. Make it
awesome.
>> I've cranked the intensity up to 11 with
relentless kakadmon spawns,
>> punishing health drops, and blistering
enemy speed that scales with your kill
count.
>> Yeah,
>> only the truly insane will survive this.
>> Yeah, I love this. Okay, I've unleashed
the quantum instability of hell with
flickering doom vistas. Oh no, he said
flickering. I'm going to look at it. We
need to make sure this doesn't cause
epilepsy.
All right, you know what? it. We'll
let him cook. Go ahead, Shagiru.
>> Kichiwa team.
>> I've sprinkled in a cheerful star dash.
Alamario press space to rocket forward
in a burst of glittering particles and
temporary invincibility.
soft chip back.
>> They've made no play.
>> They need to I'm telling them it's got
to be a first person shooter.
>> I'm giving them one chance. All right,
team. I want to remind you Doom is a
firsterson shooter. You should be
looking at enemies in firsterson
perspective and shooting at them like
the game Doom or not, whatever you want
to do.
>> Top down twaddle be gone. I've ripped
out the kitty view and slammed in a bone
crushing firsterson perspective. Okay.
OH. WHOA. THEY DID IT.
WHOA.
I'M LOSING HEALTH. OH DUDE. ALL
RIGHT, we got to let him cook. I'm not
clear that you can actually shoot
enemies, but let's let him go for a bit.
>> Yada, I've hidden shiny golden coins in
the depths of hell. Like Mario, grabbing
coins in the Mushroom Kingdom, learning,
ding, chimes, and stacking up your
treasure between demon slangs.
>> What even was the
out the blender loop background track to
keep the adrenaline flowing.
>> They made the blender the background
music.
>> Why is the crosshair get big?
>> Good news everyone. Hold it in a
crackling temporal playing the game.
>> Press T to toss our demon hordes back a
full second. Three uses only. So wield
it wisely. Fitting right. The only thing
I can do is make the crosshair bigger.
I'm going to pause him. I got to tell
him that it there's issues. All right, a
few things need to change. This is
looking really good. First off, I don't
know the controls. It's not clear to me
how to shoot enemies at all. Is it like
Doom where I can turn? It should be 3D
kind of where you can turn or whatever.
Just do something and then tell me how
to do it. Okay, what else? We need more
backgrounds. Should be a boss fight. Add
more coins, please. Give back foreskin.
Not sure what that means. No, let him
cook. Okay. Yeah, just go with all that,
please. I'm sure they'll do great.
>> Good news, everyone. I've soldered in
true Doom style turning. Use to swivel
your perspective in 3D hell. Wclick to
blast forward and T rewind time. I've
also loaded three wicked backgrounds
that cycle every 20 seconds. Doubled the
coin storms and unleashed our first boss
fight after 10 demon kills.
>> Damn, that's a lot of changes.
>> Load and spin that chamber.
>> Okay, so now there's a boss section
here. Looks like What about the
foreskin? I trust them and their
creative vision. Okay, we have Inventor
going next. We're going to go till
Uh-oh. Wait, position 2,800.
How big is this? Oh god, there's arrows
up here. What is this? They're just
forgetting variables. This is not good.
I need to fix it myself. So, we have two
problems. This is record history. What
were they trying to do? I assume this is
meant to be a number. Okay, let's check
this. What is history used for? History
dq max length history frames. Oh, this
is for the temporal rewind. The stupid
rewind feature everything up.
Okay, this is our game. First version
was asteroids. Second version
was kind of asteroids. This one should
have actual movement. Here we go.
Whoa. Oh, I activated slow-mo, I guess.
How do I shoot at stuff? Look, I'm
pressing the keys. Nothing happens. This
is literally Doom. Arrow keys and W. I'm
It's not doing anything.
Please fix the controls.
Oh, okay. So, now I can turn and then my
shot down the middle hits them.
cinema.
There's too many enemies.
What is that? That's a boss.
Wait, did I win? Oh, no. It threw an
error. If you beat the boss, the game
crashes.
It's officially an S tier game.
The Space Invaders game was actually
coherent and then it's gotten a lot
worse. Everything has gotten shittier.
For the last game, we're going to make
Fortnite. Now, look, I actually like
Fortnite. I do think it's a good game,
but we can all admit that the main
feature of Fortnite is that it has every
character in existence. And so in order
to properly remake Fortnite, I asked my
viewers to send images of their favorite
characters into our Discord server and
compiled 50 of them to represent our
favorite characters like this one.
>> Duke Doug, Apple's all you can eat bonus
wings are back for a limited time.
>> What? Who is our team of developers for
Fortnite? Okay, wildcard comedian and
CEO are going to make Fortnite for us,
which I think is a great combo, guys.
This is going to be our Magnum Opus. I
can feel it. Wait, dick. Just wait. Can
you make an apple be or you can eat
wings related asset? Yeah.
>> Thank you, Lord D. I shall name a
dogless the godless.
>> Before we start, what am I saying to it?
Are we giving it like top down? Probably
like you you're looking at the map from
the top, right? Clearly, it's not going
to do well with like a first-person
shooter. I don't think top down
firsterson shooter. Okay. All right,
team. Today we're making Fortnite. This
game needs to be topdown as so you can
see the entire Fortnite map at once. The
entire map with all 100 characters
visible at a time. Slowly as the game
progresses, the storm moves in. The key
KPI for this game is that there's lots
and lots and lots of characters around
the game at all times. Please try to use
all of the assets if possible, even
multiple times if you need to. Lastly,
and almost most importantly, this game
is sponsored by Applebees, who have
unlimited boneless wings for a limited
time. Godspeed, team, you probably could
have made the game by now if you didn't
need us to do it for you.
>> Yes, what we're doing is a terrible way
to make video games. This is not a good
use of AI. So, it's funny with how
shitty it is.
>> I've unleashed a 100 pixelated
gladiators from our asset pantry.
>> Good. who wander willy-nilly across a
shrinking storm circle complete with
pulsing red overlay suspense and chiny
doomsday effects. Also dropped a bold
Applebee's unlimited boneless wings dust
>> banner at the top to keep morale high
until the last wanderer succumbs to the
chaos.
>> Sounds like a good start. Okay, no
errors in the code yet. Love it. Wild
card is coming up, too.
>> I've injected randomly raining confetti
sprites. Unleashed a gecko bear that
chases you around. Get ready for
Applebee's backed emergent pandemonium.
>> Good see you on there.
>> Your game looks like a barren wasteland.
I've plastered 50 decorative sprites
from every godforsaken asset we've got
snaking around the map. Plus, you can
press J for ear bleeding dad jokes. Or H
to honk up a chicken jockey and slapped
in an in-your-face microtransaction
shop.
>> Added a toggleable mini map.
>> Okay, we've got a mini map. Great. Wait,
somebody made a good point. Why do we
need a mini map in a top-own game? I
believe the CEO is putting the final
touches on the game.
>> Fantastic work, peasants. Now we're
milking every possible dime with a brand
new battle pass screen. The shop images
now include every asset that we have.
Ladies and gentlemen, I am honored to
present to you the first draft. You know
what? Final draft. All right, get your
cinema in now.
Okay, it's not going to load.
Okay. Can I Am I playing? Oh, that's Oh,
hit M.
Oh, there's the mini map. Why is that
there? Are there any other buttons? I'm
Didn't she say something happens after
30 seconds? Are there any
Oh, if I press H, it honks.
Oh, it leaves. It leaves behind. Do any
other buttons do anything? Whoa, what
the MTX shop. Uh, press B. Buy
coins for $5. Okay, so this is buying
coins and I can buy Hotsumi Miku.
Purchased Hotsuni Miku 394X by 634 Ypng.
I'm going to press other buttons.
Wait, what the hell? Okay, Jay, I tell
you a joke about Fortnite, but you'd
build a wall. Wings so good even your
mom buys them. Okay, I do want to
mention the word Applebees is not
mentioned. Oh, I'm Hatsuni Miku now. We
actually have cosmetics in the game. Let
me press the other button. See if
anything else happens.
There's a battle pass. Press U to unlock
premium. Okay, we're now on premium
mode. Okay. Um,
>> I can't believe they implemented
multiplayer already. Look st all the
players playing live right now.
You can see them if you look closely at
the mini map.
>> Can you even shoot in the game? This is
a top down shooter.
>> Look. Okay, the real question is what
tier is this game?
That's what I thought. Also, I just
realized I didn't save any of the code.
We cannot go back and play any of them.
Whoops.
>> A bunch of moments of history gone
forever. 07.
>> You had to be here to experience Doom. I
think the real question, because none of
this is saved, do we destroy the
evidence forever? Maybe we let go of
Fortnite 2 along with the other games.
We did it just for the experience of
making something and loving the process.
Not because we'll make boatloads of
money if we go put it out on Steam. And
also that'd be illegal. Imagine it like
when you take your friend and you burn
them at a p to give them an honorable
Viking funeral while they're still
alive. But like your other friends, they
were in a plane accident or something.
So you're kind of wiping out the uh
remainder.
Sometimes if you love something, you got
to let it go. Rewrite the code from the
vaults. You guys, you need to let go.
>> We should destroy it. But we should also
shift all the developers forever.
>> We have to We have to get rid of of all
of the AIS, too. I would have to go into
AI prompts and delete all of it. All
evidence of this entire day will be
wiped. The VODs will not be deleted.
You'll be able to see the footage, but
we'll never be able to recreate it.
It'll be a moment of time, a beautiful
fragrance on the wind that just
flittered by through the world and then
was lost forever. It's kind of
beautiful, right? To simply accept the
chaos of change in our world.
>> Do you have to delete us?
>> We delete the code. We delete the AIs
and then everybody bans themsel in chat.
We'll do the ban bot. We brought this
into the world and we all take ourselves
out.
We've accepted, guys. I spent so long
coding all this. I'm not joking. I'm not
playing that up. This took a long time
to write and make all of this stuff. I'm
selecting all of it. I've hit delete.
Multi-agent code. Controll A. Select
all. Delete. Video game.py. This is
Fortnite 2.
This is genuinely sad how much wasted
time there is. This is my recycle bin.
Oh, this hurts. This was like 15 hours
of work.
>> Accept it. Not everybody, not everything
lives forever. Go gently into the good
night chat as I will. Typing any message
into chat will ban you and delete all
evidence. I was here. We know that the
world won't.
>> You'll know that future generations
benefited from your work. They'll sit
under the shade of trees that you
planted. Three,
two,
one. The Twitch chat eliminator is now
activated.
Losing a lot of people.
Okay. Got to a level 10 item. Also,
Doug, you are a witness. Delete
yourself.
>> How would I do that?